In the last lecture we had a look at the project structure.
It's equally important if not more important to all understand how our application get started.
How ironic to takes our application and kind of wraps itself around it to make it compilable to a native
application for Cordova.
I already showed you this index this html files last section and as an a normal angular web app we do
find there's an absolute actor in there which kind of is not a normal aged humoral element which instead
seems to be the selector of one of our components which extend probably picked up by some code in the
main Dutchesse file which is our main bundle which bootstraps our angular application as you know it
from a web angler application.
And remember in this in-between step where we see than the browser We just have such a web application
it is no need of app.
So this index HDMI file therefore is pretty much the same as you might know it in a normal web application.
It also includes some reports like code about or Che's which is required for some native device functionality
and we will come to this later in the course again.
But in the end our EPC get started here as a normal web app that we will see a difference if we have
a look at the app folder.
Here we get the files we would expect remaindered to use file which is D where which holds the code
which gets executed first when this panel here is executed and here we have the normal code we know
from a normal angle a web app where we bootstrap a module and the module we bootstrap is the app module
here.
Now the interesting thing about this app module is it looks slightly different than our normal app Marchal
in a normal angular web app.
We do have declarations.
We know that.
But then it starts here with imports.
We import this ionic module when there we execute some for loop method and we pass my app which if we
have a look at it the imports basically is our app component in the bootstrap part here in the bootstrap
array.
Were also not bootstrapping our app component as we would do in a normal web app.
Instead we're bootstrapping ionic app which if we have a look at the top we import from ionic angular.
And then we also have a strange entry component array.
And the providers we're providing something but that's just an aero handle.
Ionic to gives us so bootstrap entry can bullets and imports.
This is not how we used to see it in a normal annual webapps So what is happening here.
Let's start with the ionic module the import here ionic module basically is a module provided by ionic
it which includes a lot of functionalities we will need.
For example it also already includes the forms module A.H. to Depay modules or if you're working with
forms or edge to do an angle or two you don't have to add forms module or re-act the forms module here.
It's already included in the ionic module.
It also does something else.
It has the forat method and we pass our app component here.
If we have a look at this app component besides the code in the constructor to which I come back in
a second.
It looks pretty much like a normal app component.
So we passed this as an argument to for root and what this will do is basically it will configure ionic
to to wrap itself around our app component around our app and thus need it because we need some extra
features I wanted to provide.
For example those modules it automatically gives us but also some other features.
It kind of needs to set up for it to work correctly on a native device for example to all initialize
Cordova.
Make sure that we have access to those native about native device features and so on.
So that's all happening behind the scenes and that is why we can't bootstrap our own app but why we
instead would the ionic app which Nyan will then take into account the configuration done by ionic module
which again keep this in mind wraps itself or kind of uses our app component so we're bootstrapping
our app component plus plus we could say daemonic app simply rhapsode suffer on our air but gives us
some extra functionality and that was all which is happening here.
But it's important to understand and three components is something you might have never seen in the
energy module though what does this do.
Entry component's is rarely used in a normal engine a webapp because entry components allows you to
force angular to create some factories for your components.
That means to be prepared to give you instances of those components in declarations you register your
components to make angular aware of them and then in a normal angular webapp How are you using your
components either by placing a selector in your template or by using the annular router.
It turns out in ionic too you don't use either of the two for your pages and pages is something I come
back to what papers are basically the things you see on your different web pages in your app.
You can still use normal English components and embed them through their selectors.
And indeed if you look at this page here you do see that we already use component's ones provided by
I on it too.
But in the end these are all two components you could have written so you can still use those selectors.
And in this case you wouldn't have to define those components which you use Roosa Electress an app module
but you will learn in the next lectures that ironic to also has a different idea of navigating through
your app.
It doesn't use the Anglo router.
Instead it will have a different concept of loading different screens in your app and each screen.
And again it will come back to this simply has to be registered here to force Engler to be able to give
you an instance of this because normally and ular is able to see in your code if you're about to use
a component you even have a selector or you're referring to it in a router.
Well if you don't do either of the two it has no chance of knowing that you're about to use it and therefore
you have to inform it here in A.E. components.
Again if this is a tiny bit unclear I will come back to this in the next lectures when we talk about
how navigation and I want it to actually works.
So if that were true the app module the key takeaway is you need to register as some components here
an entry component and again it will come back to this and you bootstrapped Leonnig app instead of your
own app component.
But this Indian wraps itself around Europe component plus some extra features.
So if that let's have a look at the app component again this isn't the end loaded for ironic too.
And what we see here is that it looks pretty much like a normal app component though.
One important thing to recognize is that we have some extra code here in the constructor and there's
some code which kind of should be easy to understand.
It basically is a callback added by a ionic which allows us to run some code after we know that the
platform the platform is iOS or Android has been initialized successfully.
Of course when your app starts up it still isn't loaded completely on the device.
This is where you typically see this splash screen so does loading screen and then a platform ready
which is executed right at the beginning.
We kind of can listen to.
When has this ever fully been loaded on that device and then execute some code for example.
Hide the splash screen which is done here automatically.
We really need to work with this.
But if you have some code you want to make sure you only execute after the app is really running on
the device and has been fully loaded this would be a great place to place it in.
But again the default mode here most of the time does the trick with this we had to look at all those
files which are needed for starting our app last week or what I have a look at is the app HVM I'll file
our template of the app component.
And this again might look strange.
It is related to how navigation works and ironic though and that's something we'll have a look at in
the next lectures so that this becomes clearer in the end.
The startup process is like you know it from a normal in Europe most important thing to take away is
ironic wraps itself around your app component.
So with that let's have a closer look at those pages and see how they differ to normal components and
then how navigation works.
And that should also then clear up what entry components does